README.md, before:

## RockAutonomous Team
We are the RockAutonomous Team, the team members are:

 Name | Mail
 ---- | ----
 Shen Zebang | shenzb12@lzu.edu.cn
 Cui Jiahao | 1120798947@qq.com
 chenzhao | chenzh8312@sina.com.cn
 Shenghan Gao | gaoshenghan199123@gmail.com
 Tian Run | tianrunison@163.com



This is our solution for the final project of the Udacity Self-Driving Car Nanodegree: Programming a Real Self-Driving Car. For more information about the project, see the project introduction [here](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd013/parts/6047fe34-d93c-4f50-8336-b70ef10cb4b2/modules/e1a23b06-329a-4684-a717-ad476f0d8dff/lessons/462c933d-9f24-42d3-8bdc-a08a5fc866e4/concepts/5ab4b122-83e6-436d-850f-9f4d26627fd9).

### Traffic Light Detection
We use the TensorFlow Objection Detection API to detect and classify the traffic light. We do the detection and classification in one
stage. We test two models:

* SSD-Mobilenet
* SSD-Inception

SSD-Mobilenet work a little bit fast than the inception, but we finally use the SSD-Inception model since the False Positive is lower.
We train two model with different dataset:

* The data extracted from the simulator
* The data extracted from the rosbag

We write some code in  `tl_detector.py` to save the image from `/image_color` as our training data. For the rosbag
data extraction, we use the image_view package , the detail [instruction](ros/src/tl_detector/traffic_light_bag_file/README.md)

After collected data from the simulator and rosbag, We labeled the data by hand and follow the Tensorflow Objection Detection API Guide to train our model.

Since the model of testsite always tends to be overfitting, our model for the test site may have false negative. To avoid the
 influence of the false negative, we use a post-process strategy for the site test (which is the function `site_post_process` in `tl_detector`)

Our detector in simulator mode not always detect the traffic light because we know the exact position of the traffic light and stopline, so we don't
need to detect the traffic light when far away from the traffic light. We set a detection distance (which is 200 waypoints), when the car is near the
stopline, our detector start work, when the  car pass the stopline, our detector will parse and wait for the next near stopline time.



Please use **one** of the two installation options, either native **or** docker installation.

### Native Installation

* Be sure that your workstation is running Ubuntu 16.04 Xenial Xerus or Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty Tahir. [Ubuntu downloads can be found here](https://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop).
* If using a Virtual Machine to install Ubuntu, use the following configuration as minimum:
  * 2 CPU
  * 2 GB system memory
  * 25 GB of free hard drive space

  The Udacity provided virtual machine has ROS and Dataspeed DBW already installed, so you can skip the next two steps if you are using this.

* Follow these instructions to install ROS
  * [ROS Kinetic](http://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 16.04.
  * [ROS Indigo](http://wiki.ros.org/indigo/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 14.04.
* [Dataspeed DBW](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros)
  * Use this option to install the SDK on a workstation that already has ROS installed: [One Line SDK Install (binary)](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros/src/81e63fcc335d7b64139d7482017d6a97b405e250/ROS_SETUP.md?fileviewer=file-view-default)
* Download the [Udacity Simulator](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone/releases).

### Docker Installation
[Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

Build the docker container
```bash
docker build . -t capstone
```

Run the docker file
```bash
docker run -p 4567:4567 -v $PWD:/capstone -v /tmp/log:/root/.ros/ --rm -it capstone
```

### Port Forwarding
To set up port forwarding, please refer to the [instructions from term 2](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd013/parts/40f38239-66b6-46ec-ae68-03afd8a601c8/modules/0949fca6-b379-42af-a919-ee50aa304e6a/lessons/f758c44c-5e40-4e01-93b5-1a82aa4e044f/concepts/16cf4a78-4fc7-49e1-8621-3450ca938b77)

### Usage

1. Clone the project repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone.git
```

2. Install python dependencies
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Make and run styx
```bash
cd ros
catkin_make
source devel/setup.sh
roslaunch launch/styx.launch
```
4. Run the simulator

### Real world testing
1. Download [training bag](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-selfdrivingcar/traffic_light_bag_file.zip) that was recorded on the Udacity self-driving car.
2. Unzip the file
```bash
unzip traffic_light_bag_file.zip
```
3. Play the bag file
```bash
rosbag play -l traffic_light_bag_file/traffic_light_training.bag
```
4. Launch your project in site mode
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone/ros
roslaunch launch/site.launch
```
5. Confirm that traffic light detection works on real life images

Commit message:

modify readme,add some instruction about waypointupdater and dbw_node

README.md, after:

## RockAutonomous Team
We are the RockAutonomous Team, the team members are:

 Name | Mail
 ---- | ----
 Shen Zebang | shenzb12@lzu.edu.cn
 Cui Jiahao | 1120798947@qq.com
 chenzhao | chenzh8312@sina.com.cn
 Shenghan Gao | gaoshenghan199123@gmail.com
 Tian Run | tianrunison@163.com



This is our solution for the final project of the Udacity Self-Driving Car Nanodegree: Programming a Real Self-Driving Car. For more information about the project, see the project introduction [here](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd013/parts/6047fe34-d93c-4f50-8336-b70ef10cb4b2/modules/e1a23b06-329a-4684-a717-ad476f0d8dff/lessons/462c933d-9f24-42d3-8bdc-a08a5fc866e4/concepts/5ab4b122-83e6-436d-850f-9f4d26627fd9).

###Waypoint Updater[waypoint_updater.py](https://github.com/SDC-TeamCN-Project/CarND-Capstone-1/blob/master/ros/src/waypoint_updater/waypoint_updater.py)
We complete this node by two stages.At the first stage, we only consider that the car can follow the way but igoring the traffic light.In callback function 'waypoints_cb' and 'pose_cb',we can get all way points and car's position.then we use function 'closest_waypoint' to search the closest point ahead the car in waypoints,then we pass 200 points ahead this closest point as the final waypoints,namely,the car's next path point.And the velocity of all final points are set to be reference speed '40kPh'. 
The second stage is that when the traffic light detector is ready for working,we subscribe ros' message '/traffic_waypoint' to get the the stop line point index in waypoints,then we modify the 'pose_cb' function, the mainly change is modify the velocity of some points in final waypoints,it lead the car can decelerate to zero velocity before the stop line position,the details can be found in function 'slowdown_to_stop'.

###DBW Node[dbw_node.py](https://github.com/SDC-TeamCN-Project/CarND-Capstone-1/blob/master/ros/src/twist_controller/dbw_node.py)
The functionality of this node is controlling the car follows the final way points'setting velocity.In this node,we use the final setting twist velocity(linear velocity and angular velocity) as the input,then output the throttle value,steering angle and brake value.The main implementation of this can be found in the class 'Controller'[twist_controller.py](https://github.com/SDC-TeamCN-Project/CarND-Capstone-1/blob/master/ros/src/twist_controller/twist_controller.py) .In this class,we use PID controller to get the  corresponding throttle value and brake value, use YawController to get the corresponding steer angle.

### Traffic Light Detection
We use the TensorFlow Objection Detection API to detect and classify the traffic light. We do the detection and classification in one
stage. We test two models:

* SSD-Mobilenet
* SSD-Inception

SSD-Mobilenet work a little bit fast than the inception, but we finally use the SSD-Inception model since the False Positive is lower.
We train two model with different dataset:

* The data extracted from the simulator
* The data extracted from the rosbag

We write some code in  `tl_detector.py` to save the image from `/image_color` as our training data. For the rosbag
data extraction, we use the image_view package , the detail [instruction](ros/src/tl_detector/traffic_light_bag_file/README.md)

After collected data from the simulator and rosbag, We labeled the data by hand and follow the Tensorflow Objection Detection API Guide to train our model.

Since the model of testsite always tends to be overfitting, our model for the test site may have false negative. To avoid the
 influence of the false negative, we use a post-process strategy for the site test (which is the function `site_post_process` in `tl_detector`)

Our detector in simulator mode not always detect the traffic light because we know the exact position of the traffic light and stopline, so we don't
need to detect the traffic light when far away from the traffic light. We set a detection distance (which is 200 waypoints), when the car is near the
stopline, our detector start work, when the  car pass the stopline, our detector will parse and wait for the next near stopline time.



Please use **one** of the two installation options, either native **or** docker installation.

### Native Installation

* Be sure that your workstation is running Ubuntu 16.04 Xenial Xerus or Ubuntu 14.04 Trusty Tahir. [Ubuntu downloads can be found here](https://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop).
* If using a Virtual Machine to install Ubuntu, use the following configuration as minimum:
  * 2 CPU
  * 2 GB system memory
  * 25 GB of free hard drive space

  The Udacity provided virtual machine has ROS and Dataspeed DBW already installed, so you can skip the next two steps if you are using this.

* Follow these instructions to install ROS
  * [ROS Kinetic](http://wiki.ros.org/kinetic/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 16.04.
  * [ROS Indigo](http://wiki.ros.org/indigo/Installation/Ubuntu) if you have Ubuntu 14.04.
* [Dataspeed DBW](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros)
  * Use this option to install the SDK on a workstation that already has ROS installed: [One Line SDK Install (binary)](https://bitbucket.org/DataspeedInc/dbw_mkz_ros/src/81e63fcc335d7b64139d7482017d6a97b405e250/ROS_SETUP.md?fileviewer=file-view-default)
* Download the [Udacity Simulator](https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone/releases).

### Docker Installation
[Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

Build the docker container
```bash
docker build . -t capstone
```

Run the docker file
```bash
docker run -p 4567:4567 -v $PWD:/capstone -v /tmp/log:/root/.ros/ --rm -it capstone
```

### Port Forwarding
To set up port forwarding, please refer to the [instructions from term 2](https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd013/parts/40f38239-66b6-46ec-ae68-03afd8a601c8/modules/0949fca6-b379-42af-a919-ee50aa304e6a/lessons/f758c44c-5e40-4e01-93b5-1a82aa4e044f/concepts/16cf4a78-4fc7-49e1-8621-3450ca938b77)

### Usage

1. Clone the project repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Capstone.git
```

2. Install python dependencies
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Make and run styx
```bash
cd ros
catkin_make
source devel/setup.sh
roslaunch launch/styx.launch
```
4. Run the simulator

### Real world testing
1. Download [training bag](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-selfdrivingcar/traffic_light_bag_file.zip) that was recorded on the Udacity self-driving car.
2. Unzip the file
```bash
unzip traffic_light_bag_file.zip
```
3. Play the bag file
```bash
rosbag play -l traffic_light_bag_file/traffic_light_training.bag
```
4. Launch your project in site mode
```bash
cd CarND-Capstone/ros
roslaunch launch/site.launch
```
5. Confirm that traffic light detection works on real life images
